Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
Contents lists available at ScienceDirect
Technovation
journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/technovation
Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge
Sarfraz Mian a , Wadid Lamine b, n , Alain Fayolle c
a
b
c
School of Business State University of New York, United States
Toulouse Business School University of Toulouse, France
EMLyon Business School, France
art ic l e i nf o a b s t r a c t
Keywords:
Technology Business Incubation (TBI)
Incubation/incubator mechanism
Science/research park
Accelerator
Technology-Based Firm (TBF) This paper introduces Technology Business Incubation (TBI) as a field of study and practice, exploring the
concept, its evolution, and scholarship. Science parks, incubators and accelerators are TBI mechanisms
considered to be important policy tools for supporting innovation and technology-oriented en-
trepreneurial growth. Their popularity is premised on the belief that these mechanisms provide critical
value-added inputs essential for the creation and development of innovative Technology-Based Firms
(TBFs). However, determining what type of TBI mechanisms and policies are most conducive to achieving
the desired results is very much mission-driven and context-specific. A review of the past three decades
of incubation literature, emerging practice, and future trends reveals that despite ongoing debate about
their contribution and challenges, the future of TBIs is promising, and there are rich opportunities for
research.
& 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
1. Introduction
This article introduces the Special Issue on Technology Business
Incubation (TBI) and addresses the following key questions: How
do we define TBIs? Where do we stand in terms of understanding the
incubation process and developing theory? How have TBI models,
along with related research, emerged over the past three decades?
And, what are the future prospects and challenges?
While Technology-Based Firms (TBFs) lay the foundation for
new wealth-creating industries, the race to develop appropriate
policy and program mechanisms to help create and develop regions
that enable new technology start-ups continues to pose challenges
for policy makers seeking relevance in their planned interventions
(Mian, 2011). This warrants policies that place an emphasis on the
effective exploitation of new knowledge and the development of
innovative technologies that are rapidly commercialized for eco-
nomic gain. Consequently, scholars, policymakers, and practitioners
increasingly recognize the importance of seeding and accelerating
entrepreneurship and technological innovation through incubation
mechanisms that offer economic well-being through sustainable
competitive advantage (Aernoudt, 2004; Barbero et al., 2012).
Consequently, there is a tremendous value in understanding the
mechanisms that make TBIs more effective.
n
Corresponding author.
E-mail address: w.lamine@tbs-education.fr (W. Lamine).
TBI are operationalized as science parks, technology incubators,
innovation centers and accelerators. They are considered to be
promising policy tools that support innovation and technology-
oriented entrepreneurial growth. TBIs are generally established
through public-private collaborations among universities, in-
dustry, and all levels of government (Etzkowitz, 2002). The pur-
pose of TBIs is promoting technology transfer and diffusion of
products, thereby developing local innovative firms (EU, 2010).
The modern business incubation movement began with the
establishment of an incubator program in New York (1959) and a
research park in California (1951). Subsequently, Birch (1979) and
others (Kirchhoff, 1994) highlight the importance of innovative
small firms in both employment and economic growth. This re-
search provided the impetus to the burgeoning incubation in-
dustry. A core set of TBI mechanisms have developed during the
past half-century and are in use globally. As several thousand TBIs
operate throughout the globe (InBIA, 2015), further consideration
through special issues such as this are needed.
After defining Technology Based Incubators (TBIs), the devel-
opment of different incubator mechanisms is summarized. The
gaps between incubation practice and scholarship are illuminated
through a systematic review of the extant literature. Next, an in-
troduction to the papers included in this special issue highlighting
their contributions is provided. Finally, concluding remarks pro-
vide research direction for further study.
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005
0166-4972/& 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iS. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
2
2. Defining TBIs and understanding the incubation process
Technology Business Incubators (TBIs) are recognized by different
names such as technology/business incubators, innovation/technology
centers, science/research/technology parks, and business/seed accel-
erators. The terminology reflects scope of function as well as location.
Smilor and Gill (1986) first articulate the concept of TBIs as
offering a link between: technology, know-how, entrepreneurial
talent, and capital. TBIs are property-based initiatives providing
tenant firms with a portfolio of new venture support infrastructure,
including: business services, networking (Bergek and Norrman,
2008), access to professional services (Sherman and Chappell,
1998), university resources (Mian, 1996) and capital (Aernoudt,
2004). The intent is to help start-ups by providing enabling linkages
to help the new businesses survive, scale up, and grow.
Hochberg (2015) describes accelerators as fixed-term, cohort-based
TBIs providing education and mentoring for start-up founders. Ad-
ditionally exposing new venture teams to former entrepreneurs,
venture capitalists, angel investors, and corporate executives. Thereby,
preparing founders for public pitch events in which graduates pitch
their businesses to large groups of potential investors. In practice, ac-
celerator programs combine distinct services and functions that are
difficult and costly for an entrepreneur to find and obtain. Accelerator
programs have been widely adopted by both public and private
sponsors of TBIs (Cohen and Hochberg, 2014).
The start-up cycle of a technology business is considered to
better understand the relationship of each TBI mechanism to the
incubation support process (Table 1). While some science parks
support the entire incubation continuum-germination, incubation
and consolidation-most facilities do not. This heterogeneity leads
to inconsistent: definitions, criteria for evaluating effectiveness,
determination of how much value TBIs add, and determination of
key success factors (Albort-Morant and Ribeiro-Soriano, 2015).
These differences in organizational structure and objectives ham-
per the development of a unified conceptual framework for TBI
research.
Researchers have used various theoretical lenses to study the
business incubation process (Table 2).
Researchers have used various theoretical lenses to study the
business incubation process (Table 2).Table 2 illustrates how in-
cubation theory spans various disciplines. Much of the incubation
literature is fragmented and anecdotal with a focus on success
stories and outcomes, hence much of the research is best de-
scribed as atheoretical (Hackett and Dilts, 2004; Mian, 2011).
These complexities coupled with the lack of systematic long-
itudinal research, make development of generalizable theory
challenging. Phan et al. (2005) note that generalizable theory may
not be possible due to the idiosyncrasies of science parks, in-
cubators (and accelerators) in relation to geographic, political,
social, and economic systems. Hence, the major challenges for
research on Technology Business Incubators (TBIs) is the lack of an
agreed upon definition and unified theory.
3. Tracking the evolution of TBIs
Table 1
Phases of the Incubation Process and associated Technology Business Incubator
Mechanisms.
Phase 1: Pre-Incuba-
tion/Idea development
Phase 2: Incubation
and Acceleration
Phase 3: Post-Incubation,
Consolidation and Growth
Technology Business Incubator/ German In-
novation Center
Science Park/Research
Park
Accelerator
French Academic
Pépinière and
Technopolis
Incubator
Hatchery
(Adapted from EU (2002))
Two pioneering programs—Stanford Research Park, California,
established in 1951 and the Industrial Center of Batavia, New York,
an incubator established in 1959 — started the TBI movement. The
first wave (till 1980) of incubator programs aimed at economic re-
structuring and job creation. These programs provided affordable
space and shared services. By 1980, there were 20 research parks
and 11 business incubators in the United States. By 2000, an esti-
mated 600 incubators and 160 research parks were in the United
States. The research/science park model evolved from a stand-alone
technology garden to a networked commercialization enabler. The
second wave of incubation programs offered a more complete menu
of value-adding services, including: counselling, skills enhancement
Table 2
Theoretical Lenses Employed to Study the Business Incubation Process.
Theoretical Lens Employed Authors
New Venture Creation or Addressing Market Failure – The incubator compensates for perceived failures or
imperfections in the market place to counter the problems caused by an inefficient allocation of
resources.
Resource Based View-The incubator as an organization awarding a stock of tangible and intangible re-
sources to client firms that result in development of the client firms.
Stakeholders’ View – Incubators act as a bridging mechanisms to implement the interests of key regional
stakeholders (triple, quadruple helix).
Structural Contingency Theory – Incubation mechanisms are configured to fit the external environment
and be tailored to local needs and norms.
Social Network Theory-Incubation mechanism as a system for increasing client firms’ internal and ex-
ternal network density.
Real Options View – Client firms are supported from a pool of available options through selection criteria
based on fit with incubator strategy.
Dyadic Theory-An interdependent co-production dyad where incubation assistance is co-produced by
the incubator and tenant entrepreneur.
Institutional Theory – The incubator's support mechanism rules and contracts offer a more structured
approach to reduce uncertainty and risk, and accelerate the process.
Mechanisms-Driven Theory – The incubator implements its own internal policies through an under-
standing of the relations that are value laden and context-based within the incubator organization.
Virtual Incubation View – The Incubator offers knowledge brokering and information dissemination in
the market space of ideas to develop innovative ventures. Plosila and Allen (1985); Bøllingtoft and Ulhøi (2005)
McAdam and McAdam (2008); Patton et al., (2009); Todorovic
and Moenter (2010); Mian et al., (2012)
Mian (1997); Corona et al. (2006); Etzkowitz (2002)
Ketchen et al., (1993); Phan et al., (2005)
Tötterman and Sten (2005); Hansen et al., (2000)
Hackett and Dilts (2004)
Rice (2002); Warren et al., (2009)
Guerrero and Urbano (2012); Phan et al., (2005)
Ahmad (2014); Bergek and Norrman (2008)
Nowak and Grantham (2000); Gans and Stern (2003)
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iS. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
1400
1200
1000
800
Incubators
600 Science Parks
400 Accelerators
200
0
1980
1990
1995
2000
Year
2005
2010
2012
Fig. 1. Growth of United States Business Incubation Mechanisms
(Sources: AURP, 2013; InBIA, 2015; NESTA et al., 2015).
and networking. Since the new millennium, research parks have
moved towards a mixed-use science park equipped with a tech-
nology incubator. In some cases, the facility cohabits with com-
mercial and residential facilities. Currently, there are over 1,250
incubators in the United States (Fig. 1) and many more globally.
Several factors contributed to the rapid growth of incubator
programs (Adkins, 2002): (a) advocacy and support of the United
States Small Business Administration (SBA), (b) the State of Penn-
sylvania's pioneering Ben Franklin Technology Development Pro-
gram, and (c) Control Data Corporation funding incubators in several
American cities. Recognition of the apparent failure of state policies
for attracting investment by large multinational firms and the work
of researchers such as Birch (1979) and Kirchhoff (1994) emphasize
the importance of start-ups and small firms in terms of job growth
and contribution of growth to the national economy, helped catalyze
the country's incubation movement (Mian and Plosila, 2011).
Concern over the loss of industrial competitiveness in the 1980s
in the United States prompted initiatives to encourage technology
commercialization through enterprise development. The results in-
clude research universities establishing research/science park and
incubator programs through public-private partnerships. Many uni-
versity-related TBIs continue to be models of best-practice (Mian,
2011). Following the success of early TBIs there has been extensive
worldwide activity in establishing TBIs (EU, 2010).
The United Kingdom and Sweden established science parks in
the 1960s. In the 1970s, 50 science parks were established in over
a dozen countries, including: France, Germany, Belgium, Japan,
Pre-1980s 'First Wave'
Models
Science/research parks:
tech garden type stand-
alone facilities,
incubators, economic
development and
restructuring estate centers
3
Korea, and Taiwan. In 1992 Science Parks were globally dis-
tributed, the top participants were: United States-398, Germany-
106, Japan-104, China-52, United Kingdom-50, France-35, Aus-
tralia-33, Canada-31, Sweden-15, and Russia-14 (Lindholm Dahl-
strand and Lawton Smith, 2003). Usually, universities initiate sci-
ence parks. Sometimes science parks are supported by local or
national government may provide financial support. However, by
the 1990s the European Union has become directly involved in
supporting science parks (EU, 2013).
Differences in definition complicate counting the global popula-
tion of incubators. The websites of national and regional professional
associations for incubators indicate the latest available figures of
existing programs in: Germany 300 (ADT, 2012), UK 300 (UKBI,
2012), France 113 (RETIS, 2010), Canada 120 (CABI, 2012), Brazil 400
(ANPROTEC, 2008), Mexico 191 (AMIRE, 2006), China 670, Japan 190,
India 110, Singapore 120, Malaysia 110, and Australia 80 (AABI, 2009).
Globally there are about 7,000 incubator programs worldwide, one
third of which are technology-oriented (InBIA, 2015).
In the 1990s, a new incubation model emerged-the Internet-
based virtual incubation model that supports new venture growth,
particularly in specialized ventures such as Information Commu-
nications Technology (ICT) start-ups. For example, Idealab (foun-
ded in 1996) as a for-profit Internet incubator grew rapidly, but
waned within months of the April 2000 NASDAQ technology stock
crash (InBIA, 2015). Additionally, focused brick and mortar in-
cubators in areas such as biotechnology and aerospace are in-
tegrated into science parks and grow well. Fig. 2 summarizes the
development of TBI models.
The digital economy has given rise to a new form of TBI me-
chanism, the accelerator. Y Combinator of Massachusetts was the first
accelerator (established in 2005). By 2013, over 213 accelerators were
reported worldwide supporting about 3,800 new ventures (NESTA,
2011, 2015). Having considered the changing practitioner landscape
of TBIs, the scholarly literature is now considered.
4. Scholarly literature: a systematic review
A Systematic Literature Review (Cook et al., 1997; Denyer and
Neely, 2004; Pittaway et al., 2004; Transfield et al., 2003) is used to
identify key contributions to the Technology Business Incubation
field. This approach limits bias, while producing a summary of the
specific area of knowledge (Petticrew, 2006). The basic principles
are: transparency, clarity, focus, unified research and practitioner
1980s-1990s 'Second
Wave' Models
Science/research parks
with technology
incubators, mentoring,
networking and
commercialization
enablers, emergence of
virtual incubators
2000S - 2014s 'Third
Wave' Models
Multi-purpose mixed use
science/research parks,
specialized incubators,
innovation centers
integrated in parks with
enhanced access to
resources, accelerators
Value-Added and Ecosystem Integration - The Last 30 Years
Fig. 2. The Evolution of Technology Business Incubation Models (Adapted from Mian, 2014).
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iS. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
4
communities, equality, accessibility, broad coverage and synthesis
(Thorpe et al., 2005) allowing for replicability by other researchers
(Jones et al., 2011).
Table 3
Top Journals by Number of Papers Publishing Business Incubation Research
(1985–2014).
Rank Journal name Number of
papers Total
Share Cum. Share
of total
1
2
3
4
5
6
7 36
24
14
10
9
8
5 24.2%
16.1%
9.4%
6.7%
6,0%
5.4%
3.4% 24.2%
40.3%
49.7%
56.4%
62.4%
67.8%
71.1%
4 2.7% 73.8%
4 2.7% 76.5%
4 2.7% 79.2%
4 2.7% 81.9%
4 2.7% 84.6%
3 2.0% 86.6%
3 2.0% 88.6%
3
3
2 2.0%
2.0%
1.3% 90.6%
92.6%
94.0%
2
1 1.3%
0.7% 95.3%
96.0%
1
1 0.7%
0.7% 96.6%
97.3%
1
1
1 0.7%
0.7%
0.7% 98.0%
98.7%
99.3%
1
149 0.7% 100.0%
4.1. Methodology
The eleven steps review methodology (Appendix A) identifies all
relevant research published from 1985 to 2014 in peer-reviewed
journals (Step 1). Four databases were utilized: ABI/INFORM of
ProQuest, Business Source Premier (including EconLit), Science Di-
rect, and Web of Science. To target the TBI domain, the following
terms were considered: technology incubator, business incubator,
technology business incubation, science park, technology park, re-
search park, technopole, business development center, technology
development center, and accelerator. These terms were searched for
in titles, abstracts and keywords for each paper in each database.
The abstracts and introduction of each article was read to ensure
that the articles fitted the established criteria.
Subsequent steps further enriched and cleaned the data set. If
articles were unavailable electronically, the authors or editors were
contacted to confirm that the article should be retained in the list
(Steps 2 and 3). All papers that were not about TBIs were excluded.
For example, studies on technology transfer or academic en-
trepreneurship were removed (Step 4). Furthermore, educational
case studies, proceedings, interviews and book reviews were ex-
cluded. The procedure resulted in 406 relevant articles (Step 5).
The list was filtered to limit it to the top level scholarly journals
which are often cited and ranked first and second in the 2015 Harzing
Journal Quality List that is based on 17 international rankings (Step 6)
– thereby, eliminating 232 articles (Steps 7 and 8). This list highlighted
27 academic journals (Table 3) as being prominent internationally. The
abstract, introduction and discussion/conclusion were read for the
remaining 174 articles to ensure a contribution to the field of Tech-
nology Business Incubation (Step 9). Articles with a strong practitioner
focus, but little tangible data were eliminated (Step 10) resulting in a
final set of 149 articles published in high-ranked scholarly journals
(Step 11). An Excel workbook was created and shared among the re-
search team to support coding the content of each article by its author
(s), journal title, subject area, investigated area, number of citations,
sub-topics, and methodologies (Petticrew, 2006). Having explained the
methodology to obtain and assess the articles on TBI, the results of the
literature review are now considered.
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
24
25
26
27
Technovation
Journal of Technology Transfer
Research Policy
R&D Management
Journal of Business Venturing
Small Business Economics
International Small Business
Journal
Economic Development
Quarterly
Entrepreneurship Theory and
Practice
International Journal of In-
dustrial Organization
Journal of Small Business
Management
Technological Forecasting and
Social Change
Entrepreneurship & Regional
Development
IEEE Transactions on Engineer-
ing Management
Journal of Business Research
Regional Studies
Journal of Product Innovation
Management
Growth & Change
Academy of Management
Journal
Business History
Industrial Management & Data
Systems
Journal of Economic Geography
Journal of World Business
OMEGA-International Journal of
Management Science
Urban Studies
Total
Quantitative
4.2. Analysis of the final set of scholarly studies
Allen and Rahman (1985) in the Journal of Small Business Man-
agement trigger the first wave (1985-2001) of incubation related
publications. During this period, articles oscillated from 0-3 articles/
year (85% qualitative and conceptual papers). After 2002 this in-
creases, averaging 10 articles/year (2002–2013) for the second wave
(54% qualitative, 37% quantitative and 9% conceptual– Fig. 3). In
2005 research on incubation peaked at 19 publications (Fig. 4), due
in part to a special issue in the Journal of Business Venturing.
In terms of national/regional share of incubation research, in
earlier years (1985-2001), 60% of activity was noted in North America
(mainly the US), 20% in Europe, and only 7% in Asia. Research then
shifts to Europe-63% of the output from Europe, 34% from North
America (USA and Canada) and 27% from Asia. Only one publication
came from the Africa. The geographic distribution of incubation re-
search shows pioneering work in North America. Activity then shifts
heavily towards Europe with increasing Asian participation. (Fig. 5)
The 149 published papers were distributed over 27 journals. Ta-
ble 3 shows that seven journals published five or more of the articles
included in the sample. The largest share of articles appeared in
Technovation (36), followed by the Journal of Technology Transfer (24),
Research Policy (14) and R&D Management (10). The top three outlets
Qualitative
Other
9%
37%
54%
Fig. 3. Research Approach Utilized in Business Incubation Literature.
account for about half of all TBI articles (see Table 3).
Incubation research is dispersed across several disciplines
(Fig. 6). As expected, journals associated with the disciplines of
innovation, entrepreneurship and economic development account
for 53%, 22% and 11% of all publications, respectively. More minor
roles are associated to not-for-profit public management (7%),
sociology (2%) business strategy (1%), business history (1%), man-
agement science, (1%), and human resource management (1%).
Analysis of the 149 papers with regard to authorship indicates
that the 17 most active scholars have published more than two
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iS. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
5
Mian
McAdam(R).
Lee
Hsu
Hackett
1999
2000
Grimaldi
Year
Middle East
Africa
Link
Lin
Schwartz
McAdam(M)
North America Asia
International
Siegel
Marlow
Wright
Fig. 4. Number of Articles per Year on Business Incubation.
EU
Dilts
Clarysse
Löfsten
Latin America
Lindelöf
0
1
2
Russia
1%
1% 1%
4
5
6
7
8
9
Fig. 7. Top Scholars Based on Publication Rate in the Technology Business In-
cubation Field (1985–2014).
1%
9%
44%
19%
3
Number of Published Articles
Incubator added value Incubator model
Incubator assessment Management practices
Literature review paper Incubator & public Policy
1%
24%
1%
18%
Fig. 5. Publication of Business Incubation Research Based on Authors Location
(1985–2014).
52%
15%
58%
22%
7%
11%
6%
Innovation
Entrepreneurship
Economics
Public Sector
Management
9%
Other
Fig. 6. Distribution of Authors of Business Incubation Research by Discipline.
articles and 175 authors who have published one article. (Fig. 7)
A citation analysis of the 149 papers found five articles with more
than 100 citations. An additional 15 papers with 50 or more citations;
39 papers with 20-49 citations; 39 papers with 10–20 citations, and
the remaining 51 papers with fewer than ten citations. Appendix B lists
the 20 articles with 50 or more citations. Highly cited TBI articles focus
on incubator assessment, business incubator model, links between
incubator firms and universities, incubator added value, the incubator's
bridging role between industry and university, and incubation man-
agement practices. These results also correspond to the themes of the
overall set of 149 scholarly papers included in this research.
The most researched theme (Fig. 8) is incubator value-added
(58%), covering incubator tenant support, impact on economic and
Fig. 8. Technology Business Incubation Publications by Theme (1985–2014).
regional development, and university-industry technology transfer.
Management practices within the incubator (18%) include incubation
strategies, tenant selection screening, success factors, entrepreneurial
orientation of the incubator, and its best practices. Incubator per-
formance assessment (15%) proposes theoretical approaches to con-
ducting empirical studies and comparative analyses to assess per-
formance. Incubator models and their longitudinal evolution (7%) is
also a common theme. There is a clear gap and need for research into
the public policy role of business incubators.
5. Special issue contributions
The emphasis during paper solicitation was on the Technology
Based Incubator (TBI) as a knowledge-based entrepreneurial de-
velopment concept employed to strategically engage in activities
that nurture high value-added technology-oriented firms.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005i6
S. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
Following a general call for papers 43 interesting articles covering
various incubation topics were received. Out of these articles with
a strong fit with TBI knowledge domain were considered and sent
out for a rigorous double-blind review. Five articles successfully
completed the review process and are now summarized along
with their contributions.
Charlotte Pauwels, Bart Clarysse, Mike Wright, and Jonas Van
Hove in their paper Understanding a new-generation incubation
model: the accelerator consider the accelerator as a novel and
emerging incubation mechanism that has generated considerable
excitement in the incubation industry. Modern accelerators ad-
dress the key challenge faced by traditional incubators—the ‘life
support trap’. Functionally, accelerators are designed to provide a
rich service structure of mentorship, networking opportunities,
and access to funding. As Pauwels et al. (2016) indicate the real
challenge is to understand the distinctive characteristics and
profiles and how they may be useful for individual entrepreneurs
and their start-ups. The study investigates multiple cases from
Europe's three richest urban ecosystems—London, Paris, and Ber-
lin. Through inductive research, the article contributes to the lit-
erature by extending recognition of the heterogeneity of incuba-
tion models, describing the accelerator as a distinctive incubation
model and introducing the design lens as a useful theoretical
framework to pinpoint three accelerator types.
Next, Danny Soetanto and Sarah Jack in their paper The impact
of university-based incubation support on the innovation strategy of
academic spin-offs explore a new dimension of the incubatee spin-
off firm's implementation of innovation strategy. By considering
various permutations of exploration versus exploitation, the study
determines how a tenant spin-off firm's performance is enhanced
through value-adding support services provided by the university
incubator. The spin-off firms investigated are from the: United
Kingdom, Netherlands, and Norway. Soetanto and Jack (2016) as-
sert that by studying the interactions between innovation strate-
gies and incubation support services, a more refined under-
standing of the strategy selected by spin-offs is provided. The work
enhances understanding of the type of incubation support that has
a greater impact on incubatee firm's strategy and performance.
Isabel Diez-Viala and Ángeles Montoro-Sánchez in their paper
How knowledge links with universities may foster innovation: The
case of a science park highlight the benefits to science park tenants
of dense knowledge links. Díez-Vial and Montoro-Sánchez (2016)
evaluate how technological knowledge flows through university-
firm and inter-firm networks increase innovation by science park
residents. They determine that firms with the capacity to acquire
and assimilate knowledge from universities—due to either being
academic spin-offs or having long-term relationships—receive
more knowledge from them. It is also argued that firms with
central positions in local firm networks access complementary
sources of technical knowledge. Empirical evidence was gathered
from the Madrid Science Park. A positive relationship between
technological knowledge obtained from universities and firms'
innovation was observed. Finally, it was confirmed that firms with
a significant role as intermediaries between other co-located firms
are more innovative – regardless of the presence/absence of re-
lations within the university.
Enrico Baraldi and Malena Ingemansson Havenvid, in their paper
Identifying new dimensions of business incubation: A multi-level analysis
of Karolinska Institute's incubation system use an in-depth case study of
the incubator at the Swedish Medical University's Karolinska Institute
(KI) to identify new analytical and strategic dimensions of incubation.
Departing from the current literature's prevalent focus on incubators as
organizations performing a predefined set of activities for incubatees,
the authors' multilevel analysis integrates the incubator's organization
to broader institutional and inter-organizational goals. The analysis
focuses on seven key components of incubation: time, place, sources,
resources, control/governance, activities/services, and outcomes. Bar-
aldi and Havenvid (2016) view incubators as strategic actors engaged in
value creation on a global level rather than an incubator level. Choices
and interactions are considered through the lens of various streams in
the business strategy literature. The six specific strategic drivers of
business incubation identified are: (1) positioning in the value chain,
(2) risk-taking/time perspective, (3) revenue model, (4) governance/
control, (5) internationalization, and (6) cooperation/competition.
Finally, Maura McAdam, Kristel Miller, and Rodney McAdam in
their paper Situated regional university incubation: A multi-level
stakeholder perspective employ stakeholder theory to develop
university incubation models with respect to their unique regional
and organizational characteristics and constraints. The quadruple
helix of stakeholders is utilized. Regional university characteristics
are accounted for. The research methodology employed is a com-
parative case analysis of incubation programs of two different
universities within the United Kingdom. Macro, meso, and micro
environmental factors were found to influence the incubation
mechanisms of the two universities. Stakeholder influences, both
regional and university-specific, impacted incubation programs
through resource dependency relationships and withholding/
usage strategies. Quadruple helix actors are viewed as stake-
holders. Variances in incubation models occur despite being lo-
cated in the same region. The research contribution is empirically
illustrating the importance of both considering regional factors
and university characteristics when designing incubation strate-
gies for regional and national development as opposed to adopting
a best-practice approach.
Having considered the papers in this issue, concluding notes
are offered with a call for future directions in a field that has
proven to be valuable for economic development, improving suc-
cess rate and growth of start-ups, academic entrepreneurship and
technology intensive businesses.
6. Conclusion and future research directions
Since the 1950s the TBI's have grown in influence, number and
variety. Today, those interested in stimulating knowledge-based
entrepreneurial development foster the use of TBIs for nurturing
firms. Global support of TBIs has resulted in developing new types
of mechanisms. Economic regions interested in technology-based
economic development actively employ a myriad of incubation
programs. Despite decades of progress and experience, Technology
Business Incubation is complex and multi-faceted, many gaps and
unanswered questions regarding the incubation process remain.
Using insights from the extant literature, one can move beyond
question of why TBIs exist, to define Technology Business Incuba-
tion and the underlying constructs as applied to science/research
parks, technology-oriented incubators, and accelerators. There is
relative clarity in understanding the differences among TBI me-
chanisms in supporting the startup cycle of technology businesses
during incubation. However, definitional confusion is caused by
differences in the elements that comprise a TBI-physical space,
professional management, entry and exit policy, a mix of business
support and professional services, networking, access to capital, and
university resources. For example, physical space is needed for
science/research parks and incubators. However, mentoring and
seed capital is needed for accelerators (Cohen, 2013).
The wide variety of approaches shows the diverse and multi-
disciplinary of the field. Though this analysis reveals the need to
develop a unified theory of incubation covering TBI mechanisms,
the challenge is the tremendous variation in program sponsorship
and policy objectives. Consequently, a contingency approach to
incubation is proposed to address varying objectives, organiza-
tional form, and context.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iS. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
Phan et al. (2005) rationalized public support for incubation
by emphasizing how societal objectives and social returns of in-
novation exceed the private returns of these activities by providing
indemnification of the entrepreneur's risk by supporting an em-
bryonic technology that may not emerge otherwise. For technol-
ogy-intensive incubation, the need is now to explore why in-
novation market failures adversely impact TBFs and how TBIs are
designed differently to support technology-intense firms.
As stated earlier, TBIs increasingly create regional integration and
provide enriched value-added services-from tenant mentoring to in-
tegrated living. Consequently, a nested view of TBIs as bridging me-
chanisms embedded within a dynamic innovation ecosystem has been
explored with different levels of analyses-national, regional/state,
park/incubator, and entrepreneur/team level (Etzkowitz, 2002; Corona
et al., 2006). This work points to the appropriateness of regions
treating TBIs as complementary rather than competitive. Hence net-
works of parks and incubators can create a dynamic innovation eco-
system. This multi-level research thread has been illustrated in this
issue by McAdam et al. (2016) and needs to be pursued further.
As an organization the TBI mechanism's governance needs to
be explored with respect to the relationships between manage-
ment, client firms, and other key stakeholders. For example, uni-
versity incubation programs need to address the TBI's role in
bridging entrepreneurial firm-university relations. Díez-Vial and
Montoro-Sánchez (2016) take a step in this direction. At a more
micro level an in-depth exploration of the incubation process is
still needed (Clarysse et al., 2005; Ahmad, 2014). Baraldi and Ha-
venvid (2016) take a novel approach to this need by focusing on
the incubation system in a dynamic global environment.
Accelerators are highly promising as a new post-start-up in-
cubator model for providing targeted assistance over a limited
period (e.g. three to six months) to help young TBFs achieve sus-
tained growth. While accelerators have proliferated, research on the
role and efficacy of these programs is limited (Hochberg, 2015),
providing opportunity and need for study. Pauwels et al. (2016)
offer better understanding of the incubation process of modern
accelerators through the inductive use of the design perspective for
theory development. Three different accelerator archetypes are
identified. This line of research requires special attention.
A systematic literature review (1985–2014) focused on scholarly
publications in high quality journals proves interesting results. Re-
flecting the technology and innovation intensity of incubation, four
of five journals most likely to publish incubation research are
7
technologically-oriented: Technovation, Journal of Technology Trans-
fer, Research Policy, and R&D Management. With time there is
growing research interest in this area (10 articles/year from 2002–
2013) showing need and importance. The research has been pre-
dominantly qualitative and covering a limited number of themes
such as value-added, management, and assessment. An absence of
research from African and South America is notable-more interna-
tional effort is needed to advance the TBI research agenda.
Despite caveats and skepticism noted in some literature, con-
tinued efforts in experimentation and learning have resulted in
significant progress in making TBI mechanisms mature, promoting
continued growth, and widespread use. This consolidation offers
opportunities for the TBI community for further development of
conceptual understanding and underlying theory. This retrospective
assessment indicates a comprehensive development of the TBI
knowledge domain remains challenging due to legitimacy, research
methodology, theory development, and program sustainability. In
summary TBIs are successful as a policy for economic and social
growth, however, the special issue assists in further understanding
and theoretical development and acts as a call for further research.
Acknowledgments
The guest editors appreciate the time and hard work of many
colleagues who volunteered to review the manuscripts and offered
valuable advice to the authors (confidentiality rules do not permit
to list their names). We are also grateful to the EMLyon En-
trepreneurship Research Center for providing travel grant to hold
the initial workshop on Technology Business Incubation, which
lead to this Special Issue Project. Special thanks are due to the
Editorial Staff of Technovation for providing assistance in putting
together this special issue.
Appendix A
See Fig. A1
Appendix B
See Table B1
Start
1
Search Criteria
(Keywords,
journals, periods...)
Search for articles manually
and in databases
2
Second review
by the co-
author
6
8
406 articles
9
2 nd selection
1 st selection
Final selection
11
High-ranking
journals
3
Contact author
or journal
4
5
Re-scrutiny by
the 1 st author
7
End
10
Excluded
Reviewed articles
Fig. A1. Logic flow chart of the protocol used to find and select articles.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005iArticle Cites Research question
1 Title: Spinning out new ventures: a ty-
pology of incubation strategies from Eur-
opean research institutions.
By: Clarysse, B; Wright, M; Lockett, A;
et al. (2005) 162
2 Dep. variables Findings
What differences or similarities are there in the Stage 1: seven spin-outs
goals and objectives of research institutions for Stage 2: 43 cases
creating new spin-out ventures? What different
incubation strategies are employed to achieve
these goals in terms of the resources utilized
and activities undertaken? N/A How effective are technology incubators? 123
Evidence from Italy.
By: Colombo and Delmastro (2002) How effective are technology incubators? 45 NTBFs Start-up size and post-entry
growth 3 Science parks and incubators: observa-
tions, synthesis and future research
By: Phan, PH; Siegel, DS and Wright, M
(2005) How can we better understand science parks
and incubators? N/A N/A 4 106
Assessing value added contributions of
university technology business incubators
to tenant firms.
By: Mian, SA. (1996) What contributions do university incubators
make to new technology-based start-ups in the
form of various services provided? What addi-
tional benefits accrue from the university re-
lationships? What are some of the implications
for technology-based firms? Six university incubators in the
United States: three from private
universities, three from public
universities N/A 5 Assessing and managing the university
technology business incubator: An
integrative framework
By: Mian, SA. (1997) 103 How can we assess the performance of Uni-
versity Technology-Based Incubators (UTBIs)? Four UTBIs and their 29 tenant firms N/A 6 Science Parks and the growth of new
technology-based firms-academic-in-
dustry links, innovation and markets.
By: Löfsten and Lindlöf (2002) 92 Are there any differences between New Tech-
nology-Based Firms (NTBFs) that locate in sci-
ence parks and those that locate elsewhere? 273 firms (in and outside science
parks) in Sweden 7 The networked business incubator lever-
aging entrepreneurial agency?
By: Bollingtoft, A and Ulhoi, JP (2005) 82 What is it that facilitates or hinders networking One networked incubator
in a networked incubator? Identification of three distinct incubation mod-
els to manage the spin-out process: Low Selec-
tive, Supportive, and Incubator. The different
incubation models have very different resource
implications in managing the spin-out process.
This process identified two categories that de-
parted from the normative models, namely the
Resource-Deficient group and the Competence-
Deficient group.
Incubated firms show higher growth rates than
their non-incubated counterparts. They also
perform better in terms of adopting advanced
technologies, aptitude to participate in interna-
tional R&D programs, and establishing colla-
borative arrangements, especially with uni-
versities. Lastly, it is easier for them to access
public subsidies.
There is no systematic framework to understand
science parks and incubators. There is a failure to
understand their dynamic nature as well as that
of the companies located in them. There is a lack
of clarity regarding the performance of science
parks and incubators which is associated with
problems in identifying the nature of
performance.
There is a significant relationship between “fre-
quency of use” and “perceived value added”.
Exception: cafeteria use, assistance in legal/
government regulation, personal recruiting, and
tax matters. All university-related services are
significantly correlated. Thus, university in-
cubators provide a nurturing environment for
NTBFs.
UTBIs are assessed in three categories:
(i) Performance outcomes-program sustain-
ability and growth, tenant firms' sustainability
and growth, and contributions to the sponsoring
university's mission; (ii) management policies
and their effectiveness; (iii) services to tenants
and their added value.
There are some differences between firms inside
and outside science parks
NTBFs in terms of innovation and marketing.
NBTFs in science parks are more likely to have
links with universities. There is no statistically
significant difference in profitability between
firms inside and outside a park.
The mechanisms that facilitate or hinder net-
working in an incubator can broadly be divided
into two main categories: (i) mechanisms con-
nected to individuals and their relations with
each other and (ii) mechanisms related to the
construction of the incubator.
113
Data
Sales, number of employees
N/A
Table B1
Most cited papers in the Technology Business Incubation field9
10
Science parks and university-industry in- 79
teraction: geographical proximity be-
tween the agents as a driving force.
By: Vedovello (1997)
Co-production of business assistance in
76
business incubators: an exploratory study
By: Rice, MP (2002)
71
University-incubator firm knowledge
flows: assessing their impact on incubator
firm performance.
By: Rothaermel and Thursby (2005a)
Assessing the impact of university science 71
parks on research productivity: ex-
ploratory firm-level evidence from the
United Kingdom
By: Siegel et al., (2003a)
12 Incubator firm failure or graduation? The 68
role of university linkages.
By: Rothaermel and Thursby (2005b)
11
To what extent does a science park facilitate
university-firm links? One British science park N/A
What are the outputs of the co-production
process aimed to address the needs of the
consumer producer, i.e. the incubator com-
pany? What are the inputs of regular and con-
sumer producers? How is co-production im-
plemented? How can variability in outputs,
inputs and output elasticities be characterized?
How does knowledge flow from universities to
incubator firms? How do these flows affect the
performance of new technology ventures? 8 incubators and 8 incubator
managers.
32 entrepreneurs N/A
79 tech ventures incubated at Geor-
gia Tech Firm performance
Empirical evidence on the impact of university 177 firms
science parks on the research productivity of
firms
How does the strength of the tie between the
sponsoring university and incubator firms af-
fect their life chances?
79 tech ventures incubated at Geor-
gia Tech
R&D output
Failure of firms remaining in
the incubator, and successful
graduation
US science parks: the diffusion of an in-
novation and its effects on the academic
missions of universities.
By: Link and Scott (2003) 68 What are the influences of science parks on the 88 US academic institutions
academic missions of universities? Outcomes of university in-
volvement with organizations
in a science park
14 Incubator best practice: a framework
By: Bergek, A. and Norrman, C. (2008) 63 A framework that can serve as a basis for
identifying best practice incubator models. 16 Swedish incubators N/A
15 Business incubators and new venture
creation: an assessment of incubating
models
By: Grimaldi and Grandi (2005) 58 Why there are differences in the way in-
cubators run their businesses? 8 Italian incubators N/A
16 Science parks and the performance of
new technology-based firms: a review of
recent UK evidence and an agenda for
future research
By: Siegel et al., (2003b) 58 N/A
What are the performance differentials be-
tween firms located in science parks and those
outside science parks? Why do the differences
exist?
N/A
Knowledge flows from universities to incubator
firms through contractual and non-contractual
routes. These knowledge flows increase the
firms' absorptive capacity, which is positively
related to firm performance.
Firms located in university science parks have
slightly higher research productivity than ob-
servationally equivalent firms not located in
university science parks
Strong ties to the sponsoring university reduce
the likelihood of firm failure because of strong
intellectual property protection, quality signal-
ing effect, and involvement of potential in-
vestors. Strong ties, however, retard graduation
from the incubator. Weak ties, such as informal
interaction with the faculty, do not affect out-
right firm failure or timely graduation.
A formal relationship between the university
and the science park increases publication, pa-
tenting, extramural funding, ability to hire pre-
eminent scholars, and placement of doctoral
students. The closer the distance, the greater the
influence of park tenants on the university's
curriculum.
This research suggests a theoretical framework
which includes three distinguishing model
components: selection, business support and
mediation. It distinguishes idea-focused selec-
tion from entrepreneur-focused selection and
selection through “picking the winners” and
“survival of the fittest”. Business support is seen
as a continuum from “laissez-faire” to “strong
intervention”. Mediation strategies vary in terms
of the type of innovation system in focus: tech-
nological, regional or cluster.
The existence of different incubators and the
evolution of their business models over time
have been driven by the evolution of company
requirements and needs, which in turn has
prompted incubators to diversify their offer of
services. Two main incubating models, Model
1 and Model 2, may provide incubators with
useful strategic indications on how and where to
position themselves.
The “returns” from being located in a science
park are negligible. These results may be due to
imprecise estimates of these returns to different
types of science parks.
13
A science park can facilitate the establishment of
informal and human resource links, but links
related to research activity are not substantially
facilitated.
This exploratory study illuminates the nature of
the dyadic co-production relationship between
the incubator manager and the entrepreneur,
and defines co-production modalities. It also
provides insight into the factors that affect out-
put elasticities.
8Article Cites Research question
Data Dep. variables
17 Science park, a high tech fantasy?: an
analysis of the science parks of Greece
By: Bakouros et al., (2002) 55
The links maintained between incubator firms
and the university and the synergies between
firms located in the park. 17 firms located in 3 science parks N/A
18 Academic-industry links and innovation
questioning the science park model
By: Quintas et al., (1992) 54 How do science parks link academic research
with industrial activity? UK science parks from UKSPA data 19 Opening the ivory tower's door: an ana- 51
lysis of the determinants of the formation
of US university spin-off companies
By: Link and Scott (2005) Characteristics associated with university dif-
ferences in the formation of spin-off compa-
nies, specifically university-based companies
that locate in the university's research park. 51 university research parks Screening practices of business incubators
within the European context. 97 incubators
20 Critical role and screening practices of
European business incubators
By: Aerts et al., (2007)
50
Findings
Informal links have been developed between
firms and the local university, but only the firms
located in one science park have developed for-
mal links. The formal links of companies in the
other two parks are still infantile at this time.
Synergies between science park companies are
limited only to commercial transactions and
social interactions. Research synergies are com-
pletely absent in all three parks.
N/A
Link mechanisms: spin-off firms and research
collaboration. Deficiency of a science park
model: (i) Mismatches between academic re-
search output and the R&D needs of science park
firms, (ii) Science park restrictions on manu-
facturing activity.
University spin-off companies represent a
Percentage of park organiza-
tions that are university spin- greater proportion of companies in older parks
and in parks associated with richer university
off companies in year 2002
research environments. They also represent a
larger proportion of companies in parks that are
geographically closer to their university and in
parks with a biotechnology focus.
Tenant failure rate during stay Most incubators do not screen potential tenants
at incubator
on a balanced set of factors, but concentrate ei-
ther on the characteristics of the tenant's market
or on those of the tenant's management team.
The tenant survival rate is positively related to a
more balanced screening profile.
Table B1 (continued )S. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
References
AABI, 2009. Asian Association of Business Incubation, accessible at 〈http://www.
aabi.info/〉.
Adkins, D., 2002. A Brief History of Business Incubation in the United States. NBIA
Publications, Athens, Ohio.
ADT, 2012. Association of German Business Incubation and Innovation Centers,
accessible at 〈http://www.innovationszentren.de/index.php?article_id 1⁄441〉.
Aernoudt, R., 2004. Incubators: tool for entrepreneurship? Small Bus. Econ. 23 (2),
127–135.
Aerts, K., Matthyssens, P., Vandenbempt, K., 2007. Critical role and screening
practices of European business incubators. Technovation 27, 254–267.
Ahmad, A., 2014. A mechanisms-driven theory of business incubation. Int. J. Entrep.
Behav. Res. 20 (4), 375–405.
Albort-Morant, G., Ribeiro-Soriano, D., 2015. A bibliometric analysis of international
impact of business incubators. J. Bus. Res., In press
AMIRE, 2006. Mexican Business Incubator and Technology Park Association, ac-
cessible at 〈www.dip.udg.mx/tecnopol.htm〉.
ANPROTEC, 2008. Brazilian Association of Science Parks and Business Incubators,
accessible at 〈http://anprotec.org.br/site/〉.
AURP, 2013. Association of University Research Parks: 〈https://aurp.memberclicks.
net/assets/documents/aurp_batelllestudy2012-final.pdf〉.
Bakouros, Y.L., Mardas, D.C., Varsakelis, N.C., 2002. Science Park, a high tech fan-
tasy?: an analysis of the Science Parks of Greece. Technovation 22 (2), 123–128.
Baraldi, E., Ingemansson Havenvid, M., 2016. Identifying new dimensions of busi-
ness incubation: a multi-level analysis of Karolinska Institute’s incubation
system. Technovation.
Barbero, J.L., Casillas, J.C., Ramos, A., Guitar, S., 2012. Revisiting incubation perfor-
mance how incubator typology affects results. Technol. Forecast. Social. Chang.
79 (5), 888–902.
Bergek, A., Norrman, C., 2008. Incubator best practice: a framework. Technovation
28, 20–28.
Birch, D.L., 1979. The Job Generation Process, unpublished report prepared by the
MIT Program on Neighborhood and Regional Change for the Economic Devel-
opment Administration. U.S. Department of Commerce, Washington, DC.
Bøllingtoft, A., Ulhøi, J.P., 2005. The networked business incubator—leveraging en-
trepreneurial agency? J. Bus. Ventur. 20 (2), 265–290.
CABI, 2012. Canadian Association of Business Incubation, accessible at 〈http://cabi.
ca/〉.
Clarysse, B., Wright, M., Lockett, A., Van de Velde, E., Vohora, A., 2005. Spinning out
new ventures: a typology of incubation strategies from European research in-
stitutions. J. Bus. Ventur. 20 (2), 183–216.
Cohen, Susan, 2013. What Do Accelerators Do? Insights from Incubators and Angels.
Innovations 8 (3/4), 19–25.
Cohen, S., Hochberg,Y.V., 2014. Accelerating startups: The Seed Accelerator Phe-
nomenon. Available at SSRN2418000.
Colombo, M.G., Delmastro, M., 2002. How effective are technology incubators?:
evidence from Italy. Res. policy 31 (7), 1103–1122.
Cook, D.J., Mulrow, C.D., Haynes, R.B., 1997. Systematic reviews: synthesis of best
evidence for clinical decisions. Ann. Intern. Med. 126 (5), 379–380.
Corona, L., Doutriaux, J., Mian, S.A., 2006. Building Knowledge Regions in North
America: Emerging Technology Innovation Poles. Edward Elgar, Cheltenham.
Denyer, D., Neely, A., 2004. Introduction to special issue: Innovation and pro-
ductivity performance in the UK. Int. J. Manag. Rev. 5-6, 131–135.
Díez-Vial, I., Montoro-Sánchez, Á., 2016. How knowledge links with universities
may foster innovation: the case of a science park. Technovation.
Etzkowitz, H., 2002. Incubation of incubators: innovation as a triple helix of uni-
versity-industry-government networks. Sci. Public Policy 29 (2), 115–128.
EU (2010) The Smart Guide to Innovation-Based Incubators (IBI), European Union
Regional Policy Report (accessible at file:///C:/Users/DRF4C8  1.SAR/AppData/
Local/Temp/ innovation_incubator.pdf).
EU, 2013. Setting up, Managing and Evaluating EU Science and Technology Parks
European Commission, Directorate-General for Regional and Urban policy,
Belgium (accessible at 〈http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/sources/docgener/
studies/pdf/stp〉 report_en.pdf).
Gans, J.S., Stern, S., 2003. The Product Market and the ‘Market for Ideas’: Com-
mercialization Strategies for Technology Entrepreneurs. Res. Policy 32 (2),
333–350.
Grimaldi, R., Grandi, A., 2005. Business incubators and new venture creation: an
assessment of incubating models. Technovation 25, 111–121.
Guerrero, M., Urbano, D., 2012. The development of an entrepreneurial university. J
Technol. Transf. 37 (1), 43–74.
Hackett, S.M., Dilts, D.M., 2004. A systematic review of business incubation re-
search. J Technol. Transf. 29 (1), 55–82.
Hansen, M.T., Chesbrough, H.W., Nohria, N., Sull, D.N., 2000. Networked incubators.
Harv. Bus. Rev. 78 (5), 74–84.
Hochberg, Y., 2015. Accelerating Entrepreneurs and Ecosystems: The Seed Accel-
erator Model, National Bureau of Economic Research –Rice University meeting
on Innovation Policy and the Economy, April 14.
InBIA, 2015. International Business Innovation Association, accessible at 〈https://
www.inbia.org/〉.
Jones, M.V., Coviello, N., Tang, Y.K., 2011. International entrepreneurship research
(1989–2009): a domain ontology and thematic analysis. J. Bus. Ventur. 26,
632–659.
11
Ketchen, D.J., Thomas, J.B., Snow, C.C., 1993. Organizational configurations and
performance: a comparison of theoretical approaches. Acad. Manag. Journal.
36, 1278–1313.
Kirchhoff, B.A., 1994. Entrepreneurship and dynamic capitalism: the economics of
business firm formation and growth. Praeger, Westport, CT.
Lindholm Dahlstrand, Å., Lawton Smith, H., 2003. Globalization of Technology –
Science Parks and Economic Development, the Encyclopedia of Life Support
Systems. UNESCO Publishing-Eolss Publishers, Oxford, UK.
Link, A., Scott, J.T., 2003. U.S. science parks: the diffusion of an innovation and its
effects on the academic missions of universities. Int. J. Ind. Organ. 21,
1323–1356.
Link, A.N., Scott, J.T., 2005. Opening the ivory tower’s door: an analysis of the de-
terminants of the formation of US university spin-off companies. Res. Policy 34
(7), 1106–1112.
Löfsten, H., Lindlöf, P., 2002. Science Parks and the growth of new technology based
firms-academic-industry links, innovation and markets. Res. Policy 31,
859–876.
McAdam, M., McAdam, R., 2008. High tech start-ups in University Science Park
incubators: the relationship between the start-up’s lifecycle progression and
use of the incubator’s resources. Technovation 28 (5), 277–290.
McAdam, M., Miller, K., McAdam, R., 2016. Situated regional university incubation:
a multi-level stakeholder perspective. Technovation.
Mian, S.A., 1996. Assessing value-added contributions of university technology
business incubators to tenant firms. Res. policy 25 (3), 325–335.
Mian, S.A., 1997. Assessing and managing the university technology business in-
cubator: an integrative framework. J. Bus. Ventur. 12 (4), 251–285.
Mian, S.A., 2011. University’s Involvement in Technology Business Incubation: what
Theory and Practice Tell US? Int. J. Entrep. Innov. Manag. 3 (2), 113–121.
Mian, S.A., 2014. Business incubation mechanisms and new venture support:
emerging structures of US science parks and incubators. Int. J. Entrep. Small
Bus. 23 (4), 419–435.
Mian, S.A., Plosila, W., 2011. Science and Technology Based Regional En-
trepreneurship in the United States: The Evolution of National and State Po-
licies and Programs, in Science and Technology Based Regional Entrepreneur-
ship. In: Mian, S. (Ed.), Global Experience in Policy and Program Development.
Edward Elgar Publishers, pp. 19–46.
Mian, S.A., Fayolle, A., Lamine, W., 2012. Building sustainable regional platforms for
incubating science and technology businesses: Evidence from US and French
science and technology parks. Int. Journal. Entrep. Innov. 13 (4), 235–247.
NESTA, 2015. A Look Inside Accelerators: Building Business. A Research Report by
Clarysse. In: B., Wright, M., Hove, J., Van (Eds.), National Endowment for Sci-
ence. Technology and the Arts, London, UK 〈www.nesta.org.uk〉.
NESTA, 2011. The Startup Factories: The Rise of Accelerator Programs to Support
New Technology Ventures. A Discussion Paper by Miller, P. and Bound. National
Endowment for Science, Technology and the Arts, London, UK, accessible at
〈www.nesta.org.uk〉.
Nowak, M.J., Grantham, C.E., 2000. The Virtual Incubator: Managing Human Capital
in the Software Industry. Res. Policy 29, 125–134.
Patton, D., Warren, L., Bream, D., 2009. Elements That Underpin High-Tech Business
Incubation Processes. J. Technol. Transf. 34, 621–636.
Pauwels, C., Clarysse, B., Wright, M., VanHove, J., 2016. Understanding a new gen-
eration incubation model: the accelerator. Technovation.
Phan, P.H., Siegel, D.S., Wright, M., 2005. Science parks and incubators: observa-
tions, synthesis and future research. Jl. Bus. Ventur. 20 (2), 165–182.
Petticrew, M., 2006. Systematic Reviews in the Social Sciences: A Critical Guide.
Blackwell, Malden, MA.
Pittaway, L., Robertson, M., Munir, K., Denyer, D., Neely, A., 2004. Networking and
innovation: a systematic review of the evidence. Int. J. Manag. Rev. 5-6,
137–168.
Plosila, W., Allen, D.N., 1985. Small Business Incubators and Public Policy: Im-
plications for States and Local Development Strategies. Policy Stud. J 13,
729–734.
Quintas, P., Wield, D., Massey, D., 1992. Academic-industry links and innovation:
questioning the Science Park model. Technovation 12 (3), 161–175.
RETIS, 2010. French Network for Innovation accesible at 〈http://en.retis-innovation.
fr/〉.
Rice, M.P., 2002. Co-production of business assistance in business incubators. An
exploratory study. Journal. Bus. Ventur. 17, 163–187.
Rothaermel, F.T., Thursby, M., 2005a. University–incubator firm knowledge flows:
assessing their impact on incubator firm performance. Res. Policy 34, 305–320.
Rothaermel, F.T., Thursby, M., 2005b. Incubator firm failure or graduation? The role
of university linkages. Res. Policy 34, 1076–1090.
Sherman, H., Chappell, D., 1998. Methodological challenges in evaluating business
incubator outcomes. Econ. Dev. Q. 12 (4), 313–321.
Siegel, D., Westhead, P., Wright, M., 2003a. Assessing the impact of university sci-
ence parks on research productivity: exploratory firm-level evidence from the
United Kingdom. Int. J. Ind. Organ. 21, 1357–1369.
Siegel, D.S., Westhead, P., Wright, M., 2003b. Science Parks and the Performance of
New Technology-Based Firms: A Review of Recent U.K. Evidence and an Agenda
for Future Research. Small Bus. Econ. 20 (2), 177–184.
Smilor, R., Gill, M., 1986. The New Business Incubator: Linking Talent, Technology,
Capital and Know-how. Lexington Books, Lexington, MA, p. 224.
Soetanto, D., Jack, S., 2016. The impact of university-based incubation support on
the innovation strategy of academic spin-offs. Technovation.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005i12
S. Mian et al. / Technovation ∎ (∎∎∎∎) ∎∎∎–∎∎∎
Thorpe, R., Holt, R., Macpherson, A., Pittaway., L., 2005. Using Knowledge within
Small and Medium-Sized Firms: A Systematic Review of the Evidence. Int.
Journal. Manag. Rev. 7 (4), 257–281.
Todorovic, Z.W., Moenter, K., 2010. Tenant Firm Progression Within an Incubator:
Progression toward an Optimal Point of Resource Utilization. Acad. Entrep. J. 16
(1), 23–40.
Tötterman, H., Sten, J., 2005. Start-ups business incubation and social capital. Int.
Small Bus. J. 23 (5), 487–511.
Transfield, D., Denyer, D., Palminder, S., 2003. Towards a methodology for
developing evidence- informed management knowledge by means of sys-
tematic review. Br. J. Manag. 14, 207–222.
UKBI, 2012. United Kingdom Science Park Association, accessible at 〈http://www.
ukspa.org.uk/〉.
Vedovello, C., 1997. Science parks and university-industry interaction: geographical
proximity between the agents as a driving force. Technovation 17, 491–502.
Warren, L., Patton, D., Bream, D., 2009. Knowledge acquisition processes during the
incubation of new high technology firms. Int. Entrep. Manag. J. 5, 481–495.
Please cite this article as: Mian, S., et al., Technology Business Incubation: An overview of the state of knowledge. Technovation (2016),
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.technovation.2016.02.005i